Efficiency  :
1. Worked on building various Accelq Scripts which can be used in other scenarios too.
2. Able to maintain the predictability of more than 90% for sprint deliverables.
3. Worked on Fixing and Developing new scenarios in Regression suite .
4. Worked on understanding the functionality of ServiceView Platform, including its various integrations such as Online forms ,PEGA,etc .


Protection :

1. Collaborated closely with the team to ensure clear understanding of user requirements and acceptance criteria, minimizing the risk of defects and delivered user stories with zero defects.
2. Actively contributed to enhancing automation testing processes to streamline testing efforts and improve efficiency in alignment of In-Sprint Automation .
3. Complied with enterprise training standards, SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle) procedures, and security policies, ensuring adherence to best practices and regulatory requirements.

Innovation :

1. Participated in Global Technology Hackathon and Developed an LLM (Language Model) model for ESG (Environmental, Social, and Governance) applications using ML and OpenAI.


Culture
1. Worked on understanding the functionality of ServiceView Platform, including its various integrations such as Online forms ,PEGA,etc .
2. Engaged in learning the Domain for understanding the ecosystem.
3. Started learning the Neural Networks .
4. Completed 2 CSR Activities .


Area Of focus
1. Should be Taking more Development Stories indiviually . 
2. Learn more about the Banking Domains through the L&D Training and Develop you .
3. More particiaption in the Hackathons and WiDS.
4. Learn more new and upcoming technologies like AI/ML.
5. Do a Cloud/Data Certification .



Risk
Successfully anticipated and addressed all identified risk factors, ensuring project objectives were achieved within expected parameters and learned more from the team on various
kinds of risks and ways to reduce them based on there past experiences 



It's been a fantastic year of growth, learning, and executing tasks meticulously, with invaluable support from both the team and our business partners. This support extends beyond just technological aspects to encompass deepening understanding of the banking domain, gaining insights into every facet of banking operations for a comprehensive view of the ecosystem.
